[ci-visibility] Link RUM and CI Visibility (#12977)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_tests/javascript.md

### Add extra tags

> To add additional information to your tests such as the responsible team, use `cy.task('dd:addTags', { yourTags: 'here' })` in your test or hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add additional information to your tests, such as the responsible team, use `cy.task('dd:addTags', { yourTags: 'here' })` in your test or hooks.
```

{{< /code-block >}}

### RUM integration

> If your browser application under test is instrumented using [RUM][4], your Cypress test results and their generated RUM browser sessions and session replays will be automatically linked. Learn more in the [CI Visibility - RUM integration][5] guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your browser application under test is instrumented using [RUM][4], your Cypress test results and their generated RUM browser sessions and session replays will be automatically linked. Learn more in the [RUM integration][5] guide.
```

[1]: https://docs.cypress.io/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests#Plugins-file
[2]: https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/configuration#cypress-json
[3]: https://docs.cypress.io/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests#Support-file
[4]: /real_user_monitoring/browser/#setup

> [5]: /continuous_integration/guides/ci_visibility_rum_integration/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[5]: /continuous_integration/guides/rum_integration/
```

[Mocha >=9.0.0][8] uses an ESM-first approach to load test files. That means that if ES modules are used (for example, by defining test files with the `.mjs` extension), _the instrumentation is limited_. Tests are detected, but there isn't visibility into your test. For more information about ES modules, see the [NodeJS documentation][9].

### Browser tests

> The JavaScript tracer does not support browsers, so browser tests with `mocha` or `jest` do not provide visibility on the browser. For tests with `cypress`, `dd-trace` provides visibility on the node process running the test, but not on the browser.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As the JavaScript tracer cannot instrument browsers, you cannot use the `mocha` or `jest` integration 
to instrument browser tests. For tests with `cypress`, `dd-trace` provides visibility on the node process running the test, but not in the browser.
```

Author: this one is a bit difficult. I'm not convinced by either option. I'll try to come up with something better

[Mocha >=9.0.0][8] uses an ESM-first approach to load test files. That means that if ES modules are used (for example, by defining test files with the `.mjs` extension), _the instrumentation is limited_. Tests are detected, but there isn't visibility into your test. For more information about ES modules, see the [NodeJS documentation][9].

### Browser tests

> Browser tests run with `mocha`, `jest`, `cucumber` and `cypress` are instrumented by `dd-trace`, but no visibility into the browser itself is provided (no network calls, user actions, page loads, etc.). If you want visibility into the browser process, consider [Real User Monitoring][10].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browser tests with `mocha`, `jest`, `cucumber` and `cypress` are instrumented by `dd-trace`, but no visibility into the browser itself is provided (no network calls, user actions, page loads, etc.). If you want visibility into the browser process, consider [Real User Monitoring][10].
```
This is a bit confusing because we often refer to "test run" as a concept

Author: maybe change to "browser tests executed"? Just `Browser tests with ...` does not sound right

> Browser tests executed with `mocha`, `jest`, `cucumber` and `cypress` are instrumented by `dd-trace`, but no visibility into the browser itself is provided (no network calls, user actions, page loads, etc.). If you want visibility into the browser process, consider [Real User Monitoring][10].

Author: yes, that's correct

[Mocha >=9.0.0][8] uses an ESM-first approach to load test files. That means that if ES modules are used (for example, by defining test files with the `.mjs` extension), _the instrumentation is limited_. Tests are detected, but there isn't visibility into your test. For more information about ES modules, see the [NodeJS documentation][9].

### Browser tests

> Browser tests executed with `mocha`, `jest`, `cucumber` and `cypress` are instrumented by `dd-trace`, but no visibility into the browser session itself is provided by default (no network calls, user actions, page loads, etc.).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Browser tests executed with `mocha`, `jest`, `cucumber` and `cypress` are instrumented by `dd-trace-js`, but no visibility into the browser session itself is provided by default (no network calls, user actions, page loads, etc.).
```

> Browser tests executed with `mocha`, `jest`, `cucumber` and `cypress` are instrumented by `dd-trace-js`, but no visibility into the browser session itself is provided by default (no network calls, user actions, page loads, etc.).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Browser tests executed with `mocha`, `jest`, `cucumber` and `cypress` are instrumented by `dd-trace-js`, but visibility into the browser session itself is not provided by default (for example, network calls, user actions, page loads, and so on).
```

> If you want visibility into the browser process, consider using [Real User Monitoring][10]. When using Cypress, test results and their generated RUM browser sessions and session replays will be automatically linked. Learn more in the [RUM integration][13] guide.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you want visibility into the browser process, consider using [Real User Monitoring][10]. When using Cypress, test results and their generated RUM browser sessions and session replays are automatically linked. Learn more in the [RUM integration][13] guide.
```

> If you want visibility into the browser process, consider using [Real User Monitoring][10]. When using Cypress, test results and their generated RUM browser sessions and session replays will be automatically linked. Learn more in the [RUM integration][13] guide.

Reviewer 4: RUM integration link needs to be added.

Author: good catch, thanks :)

> If you want visibility into the browser process, consider using [Real User Monitoring][10]. When using Cypress, test results and their generated RUM browser sessions and session replays will be automatically linked. Learn more in the [CI Visibility - RUM integration][13] guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want visibility into the browser process, consider using [Real User Monitoring][10]. When using Cypress, test results and their generated RUM browser sessions and session replays will be automatically linked. Learn more in the [RUM integration][13] guide.
```
